README.md, before:

# Arduino controls fans based on temperature

This code has been created to exercise Arduino language development (focused in C++) for Arduino MCU modules.

🇬🇧 EN: Create a program that monitors the temperature of a device and proportionally increases the speed of a FAN according to temperature, while another FAN is variable through a potentiometer, when the temperature reaches a critical level it touches a buzzer and lights an LED, and button to momentarily stop the first FAN and lights an LED indicating it is pressed. An LCD indicates the temperature and give warnings. Have an emergency cooling routine, turning on both Fans at the maximum and preventing getting out of this routine until the temperature reaches a safe level.

🇧🇷 PT: Criar um programa que monitora a temperatura de um dispositivo e, proporcionalmente aumenta a velocidade de um FAN conforme a temperatura, enquanto outro FAN é variável através de um potenciômetro, quando a temperatura chegar a um nível crítico toca um buzzer e acende um LED, e um botão para parar momentaneamente o primeiro FAN e acende um LED indicando que está pressionado. Um LCD indicar a temperatura e dar avisos. Ter uma rotina de resfriamento de emergencia, ligando os dois Fans no máximo e impedindo sair dessa rotina até que a temperatura alcance um nível seguro.

More Description coming soon =)

Commit message:

Add Design on proteus in DeadMe

README.md, after:

# Arduino controls fans based on temperature

![Design on Proteus] (Mac Fusion Drive⁩/Users⁩/John⁩/Documents⁩/Projects to GitHub⁩/Arduino-controls-fans-based-on-temperature⁩.png)

This code has been created to exercise Arduino language development (focused in C++) for Arduino MCU modules.

🇬🇧 EN: Create a program that monitors the temperature of a device and proportionally increases the speed of a FAN according to temperature, while another FAN is variable through a potentiometer, when the temperature reaches a critical level it touches a buzzer and lights an LED, and button to momentarily stop the first FAN and lights an LED indicating it is pressed. An LCD indicates the temperature and give warnings. Have an emergency cooling routine, turning on both Fans at the maximum and preventing getting out of this routine until the temperature reaches a safe level.

🇧🇷 PT: Criar um programa que monitora a temperatura de um dispositivo e, proporcionalmente aumenta a velocidade de um FAN conforme a temperatura, enquanto outro FAN é variável através de um potenciômetro, quando a temperatura chegar a um nível crítico toca um buzzer e acende um LED, e um botão para parar momentaneamente o primeiro FAN e acende um LED indicando que está pressionado. Um LCD indicar a temperatura e dar avisos. Ter uma rotina de resfriamento de emergencia, ligando os dois Fans no máximo e impedindo sair dessa rotina até que a temperatura alcance um nível seguro.

More Description coming soon =)
